CS 536
Assignment 4 - Superellipsoids

The program provided here takes in a variety of command line parameters and outputs, to standard
out in OpenInventor format, an approximated triangle mesh for the superellipsoid defined by those
parameters.

The program was written in C on Ubuntu Linux and compiled using gcc. The exact commands to do the
compilation can be seen in the Makefile. To simply compile using the Makefile, type "make", which
will create the CG_hw4 executable. The individual modules can be compiled individually as well,
with different targets in the Makefile producingu different object files in the bin/ directory. To
clean up the directory, type "make clean". This will remove the executable and the files in bin/.
To automatically generate the files given as examples on the assignment page, type
"make outputs/sellipsoidN_type.iv", where "N" is the example number, 0-4, and "type" is either
"flat" or "smooth."

Note that the main function is located within src/hw4_main.c. Also note that the normal calculations
are done within src/sellipsoid.c. The loop for generating all of the normals is done in the function
sellipsoid_calculate_mesh_normals at line 138, and the actual calculation of the normal is done in
add_mesh_normal at line 83.

The options are as follows. Note that none of them are required.
	-u number of u points
	The number of time to sample along the latitude lines; default value 19. Must be greater than 2.
	Note that, technically, the provided number is actually one more than the number of points that
	will be used, to match the examples given. (In other words, the interval is divided up into
	increments of 2 * pi / num_u for num_u - 1 points, because the num_uth point would be the same
	as the first point, because u would be a multiple of 2 * pi.)

	-v number of v points
	The number of times to sample along the longitude lines; default value 9. Must be greater
	than 2.

	-r s1 value
	The s1 parameter of the superellipsoid, the shape parameter for the longitude lines; default
	value 1.

	-t s2 value
	The s2 parameter of the superellipsoid, the shape parameter for the latitude lines; default
	value 1.

	-A A value
	The A paramter of the superellipsoid, the scale factor for the x coordinates; default value 1.
	Must not be 0.

	-B B value
	The B paramter of the superellipsoid, the scale factor for the y coordinates; default value 1.
	Must not be 0.

	-C C value
	The C paramter of the superellipsoid, the scale factor for the z coordinates; default value 1.
	Must not be 0.

	-F
	Indicates that the output mesh should be flat-shaded (default)

	-S
	Indicates that the output mesh should be smooth-shaded (flat-shaded by default)
